Improve the linux CMake instructions a bit (#9468)
endless-sky/endless-sky: docs/readme-cmake.md

### Linux

> You can use your favorite package manager to install the needed dependencies. If you're using a slower moving distro like Ubuntu or Debian (or any derivatives thereof), make sure to use at least Ubuntu 22.04 LTS or Debian 12. If you are using an older version of those distributions, see the note below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use your favorite package manager to install the needed dependencies. If you're using a slower moving distro like Ubuntu or Debian (or any derivatives thereof), make sure to use at least Ubuntu 22.04 LTS or Debian 12.
If your distro does not provide up-to-date version of these libraries, you will need to tell CMake to build the libraries from source by passing `-DES_USE_SYSTEM_LIBRARIES=OFF` while configuring. Older versions of Ubuntu and Debian, for example, will need this. Additional dependencies will likely need to be installed to build the libraries from source as well.

In addition to the below dependencies, you will also need CMake 3.21 or newer. You can get the latest version from the [offical website](https://cmake.org/download/).
```

> **Note**: If your distro does not provide up-to-date version of the needed libraries, you will need to tell CMake to build the libraries from source by passing `-DES_USE_SYSTEM_LIBRARIES=OFF` while configuring. You will also need at least CMake 3.21. You can get the latest version from the [offical website](https://cmake.org/download/). Additional dependencies will likely need to be installed to build the libraries from source as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
